W-10813753 Accessibility Fix (#118)
mulesoft/docs-general: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

image::api-led-architecture.png[Diagram of structured API layers for experience, process, and system APIs that can be easily added or removed]

> Anypoint Platform enables you to build a structured application network that connects applications, data, and devices with reusable APIs.

Reviewer: Does this mean the same thing?
```suggestion
Anypoint Platform enables you to build a structured application network that uses reusable APIs to connect applications, data, and devices.
```
I typically move phrases like this that are at the end of a sentence to remove all doubt as to what they refer to: in this case, the network as opposed to "devices."

> Anypoint Platform makes it easy to discover, create, and manage APIs in a modular, organized layer. Instead of retrieving random, and possibly unstable code snippets, you can discover and use APIs that are created using the industry’s best practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Platform makes it easy to discover, create, and manage APIs in a modular, organized layer. Instead of retrieving random (and possibly unstable) code snippets, you can discover and use APIs that are created using the industry’s best practices.
```
Not too sure we need "that are created using the industry's best practices," however. Maybe this...:
```suggestion
Anypoint Platform makes it easy to discover, create, and manage [industry-best?] APIs in a modular, organized layer instead of retrieving random, and possibly unstable, code snippets.
```

> == Explore Anypoint Exchange

Reviewer: Here and throughout, the use of an imperative verb in the title leads me to expect the steps of a Task topic, but none of these topics includes steps. I would replace the imperatives here with gerunds (-ing), making sure that the titles in the topics cross-referred to also use the proper verb case.

> The APIs you build in Anypoint Platform to integrate applications and services are reusable and built with enterprise-level security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The APIs you build in Anypoint Platform to integrate applications and services are reusable and include enterprise-level security.
```

> You can discover these APIs, as well as connectors, samples, and templates in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can discover these APIs, as well as connectors, samples, and templates, in
```

> == Design and Build API-based Integrations

Reviewer: ditto re. verb case; also
```suggestion
== Design and Build API-Based Integrations
```

> Anypoint Studio is an Eclipse-based IDE that enables you to create integrations. Design Center, a web-based tool, enables you to create API specifications, which are the foundation for data integrations.

Reviewer: Just an option
```suggestion
Anypoint Studio is an Eclipse-based IDE that enables you to create integrations. Design Center, a web-based tool, enables you to create API specifications, which are the foundation for these integrations.
```

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Creating Integrations | Creating API Specifications
| xref:studio::index.adoc[Building Integrations with Anypoint Studio] | xref:studio::import-api-specification-exchange.adoc[Importing APIs from Exchange to Studio]
| xref:design-center::about-designing-a-mule-application.adoc[Building Integrations in Design Center]  | xref:design-center::design-create-publish-api-specs.adoc[Creating API specifications in Design Center]
|===

> Anypoint Studio 7.0 and later includes xref:mule-runtime::index.adoc[Mule Runtime (Mule) 4], the runtime environment where you deploy Mule apps and APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Studio 7.0 and later includes xref:mule-runtime::index.adoc[Mule runtime engine (Mule) 4], the runtime environment in which you deploy Mule apps and APIs.
```

Earlier versions of Studio include xref:3.9@mule-runtime::index.adoc[Mule 3].

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Mule 3    | Mule 4
| xref:3.9@mule-runtime::anypoint-connectors.adoc[Connectors for Mule 3] | xref:connectors::index.adoc[Connectors for Mule 4]
| xref:3.9@mule-runtime::dataweave.adoc[DataWeave 1 for Mule 3]  | xref:mule-runtime::dataweave.adoc[DataWeave 2 for Mule 4]
| xref:3.x@apikit::index.adoc[APIkit 3] | xref:4.x@apikit::overview-4.adoc[APIkit 4]
| xref:3.9@connector-devkit::index.adoc[Connector DevKit] | xref:1.1@mule-sdk::index.adoc[Mule SDK]
|===

> == Test Integrations

Reviewer: ditto verb case; I will stop repeating this here, so be sure to evaluate below as well

> It is best practice to test the integrations you create before you deploy them:

Reviewer: Try to avoid beginning sentences with the "false subjects" "It is" and "There are":
```suggestion
Best practices dictate that you test the integrations you create before you deploy them:
```
...or some alternative to "dictate that you" that I cannot come up with right now.... ;-)

* xref:2.1@munit::index.adoc[Testing with MUnit]
* xref:runtime-manager::troubleshooting.adoc[Troubleshooting]

== Deploy Integrations

> After you test your integration, you can deploy them into a production environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you test your integration, deploy it to a production environment:
```

> * xref:runtime-manager::deployment-strategies.adoc[Choosing a deployment strategy]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:runtime-manager::deployment-strategies.adoc[Choosing a Deployment Strategy]
```

* xref:3.9@mule-runtime::installing.adoc#mule-installation-procedure[Installing Standalone Mule 3]
* xref:mule-runtime::runtime-installation-task.adoc[Installing Standalone Mule 4]

== Manage Integrations

> After your integration is running in production, you can monitor its performance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After your integration is running in production, monitor its performance:
```

* xref:monitoring::index.adoc[Anypoint Monitoring]
* xref:api-functional-monitoring::index.adoc[API Functional Monitoring]
* xref:runtime-manager::monitoring.adoc[Runtime Monitoring]

== Manage Anypoint Platform Features

> During the development cycle, or after deployment, you can make changes to your integration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Either during the development cycle or after deployment, you can make changes to your integration:
```
OR
```suggestion
You can make changes to your integration either during the development cycle or after deployment:
```

== Archived Documentation

> When an earlier version of a product is no longer supported, including products with end-of-life status, the documentation moves to an https://docs.archive.mulesoft.com/[archive site^].

Reviewer: Do we need to specify "earlier"? I'd consider it assumed...and maybe there are exceptions in which later versions are EOL'd?
```suggestion
When a product version is no longer supported, including products with end-of-life status, its documentation moves to an https://docs.archive.mulesoft.com/[archive site^].
```
